# CS 126 Project Proposal: Music Chord Generator
## By Ramya Nagapudi
## Description
This application is compatible with the sound and graphical abilities of openFrameworks. I plan to use 2D shapes to represent a black and white keyboard consisting of all the notes on a scale, including sharps and flats. Next to this keyboard will be 4 rectangles saying augmented, diminised, major, and minor. This application will provide a nice graphical representation of the keyboard along with displaying all the notes of it's corresponding keys. I will be able to pick a particular note by sliding an arrow (left and right) until it points to the key that has my desired note and I will be able to pick a particular chord by sliding another arrow (now up and down) until it points to the button that has my desired chord. This is where it is necessary for me to use the Open Graphics Language Library (OpenGL). Through this I will be able to create code that creates points, lines, and polygons, and converts those objects into pixels. Additionally this application will provide a nice audio when I pick a note on this keyboard using my animated arrow. Based on the note that I select, I have the option to generate one of the four particular chords next to the piano (represented by 4 buttons). I will do this by working with ofSoundPlayer and ofSoundStream so I can generate and process sound.  Ultimately through this application I plan on being able to see a keyboard with every note along with being able to select one note on this piano using an animated arrow, hear the pitch, then have the option to pick a chord using another animated arrow so I can hear an augmented, diminished, major, or minor key of this note. 

## Libraries
1. openFrameworks: The framework used to build the music chord generator graphics(GUI) and audio(ofSoundPlayer and ofSoundStream). https://openframeworks.cc/ofBook/chapters/sound.html
1. OpenGL(Open Graphics Language): What the CPU will use to tell the GPU what to draw, or what will allow me to create code that creates points, lines, and polygons, and converts those objects into pixels. https://openframeworks.cc/ofBook/chapters/openGL.html
https://learnopengl.com/In-Practice/2D-Game/Audio
